Week 1
Deliberated over individual strengths and weaknesses in our skill sets. 
Discussed various projects and ideas that we could come up for them. We decided on the ecommerce site.

Week 2
Decided on what novel functionalities to add to the ecommerce website.
Introduced the review system and curator system. 
Afterwards we discussed which frameworks we would use for the frontend (vanilla JS, jquery, css, Django templating) and backend (Django).

Week 3
Developed the user account, sign in, registration and product review wireframes. 
Completed my parts of the report including my assigned wireframes and how objectives are met by user stories.

Week 4
Working on writing html templates for sprint 1 wireframes. 
Decided that for sprint 1 we would just have basic bootstrap and jquery to get the basic functionality and design completed.
Discussed how we would work as a team using the Django framework.

Week 5
Completed all my assigned sprint 1 user stories. Website reached satisfactory degree of completion on the frontend. 
Discusses how we would restructure the project to deal with the loss of two team members.

Week 6
Refined the aesthetic and UX of the frontend. 
Worked on the user stories for checkout and orders on the frontend.
Discussed with remaining teammate what functionalities should be reduced in scope.
Added support for guest accounts so that their orders would be stored in the database.

Week 7 [26]
Worked on cafepass system frontend. 
Updated the checkout system and cart system with new purchasing process.

Week 8 [19]
Worked on saving billing and payment information. 
Worked on cafepass backend functionality and frontend design provided by Arthur Sze. 
Cart now empties when a checkout is completed and originated from the cart.
Updated address editing page.
Refactored the backend code after demo of sprint 2.
Updated cart to be more interactive using Vue and VueX, and installed corresponding RESTful endpoints.

Week 9 [12]
Added delete option to default payment and billing information.
Refactored frontend JavaScript code and RESTful api.
Added delisted items functionality to maintain database consistency.
Added alerts to give messages after form validation succeeded or failed.
Finalised cafepass system frontend with proposed design provided by Arthur Sze.

Week 10 [5]
Prepared demo script for quick installation on a new system.
Updated requirements.txt with correct libraries.
Fixed bug in ajax form javascript library.
